Cordoned servers are preferred first when decreasing allocation count (#1127)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/clustering/databases.adoc

`ALTER DATABASE` commands are optionally idempotent, with the default behavior to fail with an error if the database does not exist.
Appending `IF EXISTS` to the command ensures that no error is returned and nothing happens should the database not exist.

> If an `ALTER DATABASE` command would decrease the number of allocations of a database, allocations on xref:clustering/servers.adoc#_cordoned_servers[cordoned servers] are removed first. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `ALTER DATABASE` command decreases the number of allocations of a database, allocations on xref:clustering/servers.adoc#_cordoned_servers[cordoned servers] are removed first. 
```
